
First: Thanks for packaging :)
If there are any problems mail me at fpuelz@gmx.de or write a comment to the
publictransport page on kde-look.org.
Maybe you want to suggest changes in this document like new/better hints.

COPYING, AUTHOR, CHANGELOG files are included for each component.

This archive contains multiple Plasma applets, data engines, a library and a 
developer tool.
The sources for each component are stored in one of these directories:

  - libpublictransporthelper-*
      Description: A library for easy configuration dialog creation for 
        Plasma applets/runners using the publictransport data engine.

      Hint: This needs to be installed, before dependent components can be compiled.
      Dependent: plasma-applet-publictransport, plasma-applet-graphicaltimetableline, 
        plasma-applet-flights, plasma-runner-publictransport, timetablemate

  - plasma-engine-publictransport-*
      Description: A Plasma data engine that gets timetable information from 
        service providers supported via scripts.

	  Hint: On installation it creates relative symbolic links for default service 
        providers of supported countries, eg. "de_default.xml" -> "de_db.xml".
      Dependent: plasma-applet-publictransport, plasma-applet-graphicaltimetableline, 
        plasma-applet-flights, plasma-runner-publictransport, timetablemate

  - plasma-engine-openstreetmap-*
      Description: A Plasma data engine that gets public transport stop names 
        in a given area via OpenStreetMap.

      Hint: Optional, used by libpublictransporthelper 
        (only useful with GPS hardware)

  - publictransport-icons
      Description: Contains a public transport stop icon and several icons for 
        vehicle types like trams, buses, trains.

      Hint: Used by plasma-applet-publictransport and plasma-applet-graphicaltimetableline 
        for filter widgets.
        plasma-applet-publictransport and plasma-applet-graphicaltimetableline
        also use an SVG to draw vehicle type icons in the applet. In the 
        configuration dialogs, the icons in this directory are used.

  - plasma-applet-publictransport-*
      Description: The main public transport Plasma applet showing 
        departures/arrivals for given stops or journeys to/from another stop.

      Requires: libpublictransporthelper, plasma-engine-publictransport, 
        publictransport-icons

  - plasma-applet-graphicaltimetableline-*
      Description: A Plasma applet with a graphical representation of the 
        timetable for public transport at a given stop with a street 
        on which vehicles are moving.

      Requires: libpublictransporthelper, plasma-engine-publictransport, 
        publictransport-icons

  - plasma-applet-flights-*
      Description: A simple Plasma applet showing flight departures 
        from a given airport.

      Hint: This applet only uses the international_flightstats.xml/.js files 
        in the accessorInfos directory of plasma-engine-publictransport.
      Requires: libpublictransporthelper, plasma-engine-publictransport, 
        publictransport-icons

  - plasma-runner-publictransport-*
      Description: A runner that shows publictransport departures/arrivals/journeys.

      Requires: libpublictransporthelper, plasma-engine-publictransport, 
        publictransport-icons

  - timetablemate-*
      Description: A little IDE to create new scripts for the publictransport 
        Plasma data engine that adds support for new service providers.

      Hint: This can be used to create new scripts for the data engine, 
        but isn't needed by end users, that aren't interested in that.
        It requires KWebkitPart, for compilation the headers are also required.
      Requires: libpublictransporthelper, plasma-engine-publictransport, 
        publictransport-icons
